this is Lenovo's y7 40 gaming laptop and
it's a good one I feel like this is
probably gonna be one of their best
gaming laptops for 2019 so last year
they had the y7 30 a great device but
they could only configure that device to
a 1050 Ti not a particularly powerful
GPU this year they let you crank it up
to a 20 70 max Q at the top end and well
let's just get right into it this is a
well-built machine it's priced
reasonably well it's actually one of the
cheaper devices you can get out there
with this kind of build quality it's got
aluminum on the top aluminum on the
keyboard deck and there is some plastic
like the bottom is plastic and the back
kind of hinge areas plastic but you
never feel like it's poorly made it
actually is very well made all around
the ports on this device are
predominantly on the back and you also
have some ports on the left and right so
on the left you get u s-- pc and
headphone jack and then on the right you
have used to be a and the way that i
play my games like I just have my mouse
on the right headphone jack on the left
and just you just keep your setup clean
and they've done a good job with just
keeping the ports away from your hands
when you're gaming now aesthetically I
really like the look of the device
there's no red accents there's no color
accents at all other than the RGB
lighting like you have full control of
it there's lights on the side and the
logo lights up if you want but of the
gaming laptops on the market right now I
would consider this to be one of the
kind of cleaner looking ones the screen
so this is a 144 Hertz 10 DP panel it's
a bright screen it's color accurate and
it's pretty fast but it also supports
g-sync and that's a technology made by
Nvidia to kind of remove screen tearing
and visual artifacts just stuff looks a
little bit smoother especially at lower
frame rates but this device also allows
you to disable g-sync so most devices
don't allow you to do that but on this
laptop you can in software and the
reason why you would want to turn it off
is to get better battery life when you
have enabled stuff looks better stuff
looks smoother but it eats up batteries
really quickly alright let's talk about
performance this device is running a 6
core CPU the 8750 H it's a great
performer especially for multi-core
applications but it's also running RTX
GPU so this particular unit has the 20
70 max Q and you're going to get
excellent frame rates across any of the
triple-a titles right now at 1080p there
is an option for a 2060 like an RDX
sixty it's slightly cheaper and I think
for most people it's gonna be the better
option you're still gonna get amazing
frame rates with that card unless you're
really set on like raytrace graphics I
would go for the Arctic's 2060 instead
of the 2070 max-q
the thermal performance is also good I'm
not getting throttling in benchmarks or
stress tests and if you look at the
bottom of the device it's a little bit
different this year if they have like
circular cutouts in the grille it looks
like more air flows going through this
year's model compared to last year and
if you look inside it's not like they're
running 50 heat pipes it's still - for
the CPU - for the GPU so I feel like the
thermal performance that they're getting
is probably coming from either better
throw and paste or better application of
the thrown paste whatever they're doing
they're doing a good job you also have
access in here to your two RAM sticks
your two and half inch SATA the nvme and
your Wi-Fi card it is a killer 15 50 I
really wish they'd gone with an Intel
card but you can always swap that out if
you want the battery in here remains
small it's the same size as last year 57
watt hours with g-sync enabled I'm only
getting like two and a half hours of
battery life with g-sync disabled I got
four hours which is I mean it's a small
battery it's kind of expected but if you
have like classes you want to bring this
thing to school or work you're gonna
have to have an AC adapter with you now
speaking of that AC adapter it is a big
one it's 230 watts but it's probably the
biggest 230 watt AC adapter I've seen to
date it's easily double the size of the
one from the razor blade which is also
230 watts the speakers remain unchanged
from last year they sound pretty clean
they're not like the world's best
because they're anything but I feel like
they do a good job with them and they're
located in a reasonable spot they're
kind of on the side projecting outwards
and the fans are also pretty quiet
I do wish they had better fan control
like I wish they were software so you
can crank it up whenever you wanted but
they're pretty quiet even on load the
keyboard also remains unchanged from
last year it's got a pretty clean layout
with macro keys on the left
it's got great lighting I think it has
some of the best lighting in the
business it's got some very extensive
software it's also supposedly
water-resistant but I don't have a big
enough balls to test that the one
complaint I would have about it is that
I wish the keys were a little bit more
responsive like it is a gaming laptop so
if you're playing games on this thing it
can feel a little bit softer at times
than I would like the trackpad is also
Windows
trackpad great trackpad kind of a smooth
texture
there's also hardware buttons on the
bottom if you like to use those but
overall it's a good trackpad there are
some things I dislike obviously I feel
like I've just been going on this video
but how much I like about it for one the
webcam is located on the bottom of the
screen it's a nose can but because it's
a gaming laptop I feel like it can
forgive that the bottom bezel is also a
little bit thick like the chin of the
screen but there's very little I dislike
about this device I feel like if
anything this kind of sets the bar of
what manufacturers should kind of aim
for like a well priced appropriately
priced product with great performance
and good looks I think lenovo built this
device just right like it's not super
thin it's thin enough but they didn't
make this thing so thin to the point of
detriment like a lot of companies they
try to make these dinner and thinner
gaming laptops and it just makes them
really difficult to cool these guys
obviously did a great job it's not the
thinnest device out there but it's kind
of a great overall product okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it subs have you loved it see you
guys next time